founded in nineteen thirty-nine
blackwall plastics has been a major
contributor to many of Houston's
greatest companies through the design
engineering and manufacturing of molded
and extruded plastic Blackwell plastics
built the first plastic liners for igloo
corporation in the 50s in the 60s
manufactured components for freedom 7
and other space missions built the first
heart bypass pump with Michael DeBakey
and develop cardiovascular tools with
Denton Cooley in the 70s blackwell
plastics built the first million weed
eaters 4 jours ballasts and in the 80s
manufactured the screw pool with herb
alum and parts for the original compaq
computer blackwell plastics operates in
the 3rd Ward and provides jobs in
training for those with minimal skills
they support numerous local charities
and were awarded the Texas mainspring
manufacturing award in 2005 for their
commitment to innovation and
manufacturing in Texas at the applied
manufacturing conference in Arlington
Texas blackball plastics has been very
active in the leadership of the Texas
manufacturing Assistance Center a
nonprofit organization that serves as a
technical and business resource for
smaller manufacturers in the region
Blackwell plastics has been a behind the
scenes small manufacturing company
helping to launch many of Houston's
greatest entrepreneurial companies and
is currently working to bring the next
generation of innovative companies from
Houston's biotechnology energy
infrastructure and industrial companies
blackwell Plastics is not well known or
big but represent the great
accomplishments of many of Houston's
most successful entrepreneurs and
companies for seven decades
congratulations to Blackwell plastics
what of Houston's greatest